Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
     
A:Tags that have Meaning instead of just presentational

    2. What is HTML used for?

A:Markup language used to tell a browser how to structure a website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

A:attributes provide additional information about elements, they are always specified in the start tag.
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

A: h1 tag is used for the main theme of the page, and should only be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

A: Img tag(src), and a tag(href).

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

A:The head contains Metadata and the title tag.
 
    7. What is an id? 
A: an ID gives a html tag a specfic name that can be accessed individually by CSS.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?

A:Any element can contain an ID or Class.
 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?

A:One ID of the same name per page.
 
    10. What is a class?

A: class is similar to an ID only it can be used mutiple times throughout your HTML, used to select multiple tags across your webpage.
 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?

A: any element can contain a Class.
 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?

A: as many times as you need.
 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

A: Target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?

A:when an image cannot be shown the alt tag is shown in its place, also used by screen readers and google optimization.
 
    15. How do I reference an id?

A: the # symbol is used.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

A:a section is used to divide your webpage up into parts, and divs are containers used by css mostly for styling.

    17. What is CSS used for?

A: CSS casccading style sheets, is used to Style and add bring life to a website.
 
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

A: Using selectors, like h2 { color:red;

}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

A: an ID is more specfic and can only be used once per name per page, and is used to select a single element to style. While a class can be used multiple times per page and is used to select multiple tags for styling.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

A: using the .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

A: #human {

}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

A:used to select an element nested within its parent. this would be useful to select an <a> nested inside of a <nav> for instance. 
 nav a {
}

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

A: .sidebar {
}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

A:pseudo selector is a selector preceeded by a colon, such as the :hover selector.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

A:In CSS the line-height property can be used.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

A:In CSS the letter-spacing property can be used.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

A:In CSS the text-transform propertiy is used.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

A: div{
border-style: 1px dotted;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

A: the * {
} is the universal selector.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

A: /*   */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?

A: within terminal, use the pwd command.
 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

A: within terminal, use the ls command.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?

A: within the terminal, using the rm command. you must be careful because it does not ask "if you are sure" before deletion, and does not place into recycle bin.
 
    34. Why should I use version control?

A: incase a mistake is made, you are able to revert changes to a previous version.
 
    35. How often should I commit to github?

A: every 15-20min or after big changes are made.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?

A: git push
 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

1. Fork
2. Clone
3. Open terminal/CD to Projects folder.
4. git clone (paste)
5. CD to the cloned dir
6. Create new branch with git checkout -b (branch name)
7. code . will open VS code for editing.



https://codepen.io/CodeKing0101/pen/zYqdVeR